the FED increased rates at a fractional
level bit by bit over the last while the
rates at which the banks loan to people
have increased the rates at which the
banks pay people for their deposits
hasn't increased to the same degree
money is being made at the expense of
the individual you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we are going to talk about this
issue I have others as well let's begin
with this looking at the average
quarterly cost of interest bearing
deposits for 16 large US Banks okay what
you're seeing here on the left hand side
would be starting in 2012 up to the
present day and what we can tell is that
while banks have been able to give
people a certain rate they have not done
so they have been using their ability to
Leverage What the central banks do and
been making extra profit from it that's
generally the way it works the Federal
Reserve in the US for example will
increase rates so therefore savings on
their deposits should go up as a result
but that's not happening people are
basically stuck getting no money they
don't get anything from savings that's
why they're going ahead and investing
into let's say stock market or mutual
funds or anything else because they want
some sort of return but if your savings
account was getting you let's say 5% I
think a lot of people would probably
choose to go the route of the savings
versus the stock market because they can
say look I don't trust my money with the
bank uh manager necessarily and I just
want to be safe and secure and I'll just
put it in the bank I mean that's the
general consensus for most people not
the invest companies not the hedge funds
not the sophisticated investors but the
average guy that he would want to just
take his money and put it into the bank
and make 5% but that's not happening
these days the market doesn't allow for
that and what we have seen here is that
the banks have been making extra profit
does that surprise anyone all right
let's look at this you can see that in
the vault they say total deposits at us
commercial Banks lo and behold
increasing year over year over year now
while a lot of people have been taking
their money out of the banking system we
can see that there is more money being
deposited there is more money being
shuffled around and that will ultimately
lead to a crisis into the future what I
would say is that look there have been
more deposits yet the bank should be
giving better rates but they're not
they're not doing that they're simply
taking it and they're making more money
from it now as a business do you blame
them perhaps not but there should be
some sort of rate being set here or some
sort of competitiveness but ultimately
it's not because all the banks generally
uh use the same
policies this right here is a sad and
sort of terrible image to see but um
this is Venezuela these are the
individuals who have been sort of
honorable and Valiant Warriors here and
they have been
given their good for their Good Deeds
they've been given these gifts and that
includes toilet paper literally given
toilet paper and that's when you know
the situation has become
dire this is some photographs that I
found here there are four Images here
there are some other images showing you
the packs that they were given close-up
images and unfortunately this is the
situation look at this us Securities
laws May apply to offer sales and
trading of interests in Virtual
organizations and they are talking about
digital currencies cryptocurrencies this
is directly from the sec's website and
essentially what they're saying is if
you work in the digital realm you have
to abide by the same policies this goes
for iOS so if your Ico makes money you
have to go ahead and claim that they
have to go through the scrutiny of all
the SEC regulations and everything else
this is a bad bad news I think because
you don't want this Market regulated at
all that's the whole point of it you
want it to be the wild west you want
there to be risk you want that there and
you want the government to be shut out
entirely I don't really like this I
think this is bad news ultimately maybe
it makes it more let's say mainstream
and professional and everything else if
everything's all regulated and this and
that but it's not good because in the
cryptos you want that volatility you
want that ability if you know something
really bad happens that maybe it'll drop
by 50% overnight that risk there is what
this Market is all about and the more it
becomes mainstream the worse it will
become that's the way I see it anyway I
don't think there should be regulations
based on it I think it should just be
allowed to be free market unfortunately
if the SEC gets their hands on
everything it's not going to be good for
the
future Bolivia's president declares
total independence from the World Bank
and the IMF and essentially what he says
here I'm not going to get into the
article but you know many years ago we
were fully dependent on these
organizations and today we are totally
independent and that is so good to hear
that a country actually comes out and
says we don't want these supernational
entities ruling and controlling us this
is terrible and yet we have so many
countries that just go ahead with it
they want that they say it's good they
help us they support us look at Greece
they the people have decided that they
don't want the tra yet the government
just goes ahead with it anyway that's
the way this works they don't have a say
people don't have a say in all this but
it's a good news to see Bolivia turning
this around at least on the surface
level so that's a little bit of good
news with all the Doom and
Gloom and this here I thought was very
important as well what you're looking at
with the red line is the Fed funds rate
and the green line is the US Financial
conditions index and while we have
increasing rates which should be causing
the market to be less steady should be
causing the market to start saying okay
now we know this can't be sustained we
will have to be a little more cautious
everything else in fact it's gone quite
the opposite direction the US Financial
conditions index is showing everything's
doing great everything is just fine no
need to worry and the reason why is
because the market knows that as soon as
this comes down a certain percentage
whatever that may be qe4 will be engaged
interest rates will be brought down and
the market will be rescued once again
the only thing that people don't realize
is that there is a domino effect look at
what happened previously they reacted
too slowly they didn't react properly
and as a result you had bankruptcies you
had takeovers you had trillions of
dollars that are being basically
eviscerated and in some ways if you look
at it really
transferred But ultimately the people
weren't better off I mean there's a lot
of people now that are have incredible
amount of poverty that we are
experiencing now in these major cities
and look at it look at this this is
showing you that we are ultimately
headed for the same direction but yet
we're putting our blinders on and I
really don't like to see that but that's
the way it is so if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my books the money GPS and my new
release global economic collapse even
more informative check those out at
Amazon the links are in the description
below and if you want free information
free ebooks I got a free ecourse so much
more at my website the money gps.com